Update create-library-packages.md (#4094)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/libraries/create-library-packages.md

with a focus on the most common kind of package,
[_library_ packages](/tools/pub/glossary#library-package).

> Create library package is easy to run `dart create -t package [YOUR_PACKAGE_NAME]`,
> For more details you can read [dart create](/tools/dart-create)
> 

Reviewer: Overall, I think it's a good idea to add something like this, thanks so much! Some questions and suggestions:

It seems a bit awkward to introduce this in the same section as the opening for the page. What do you think about creating a new starting section?

````suggestion

## Creating a new package

To create the initial project and structure for a package,
use the [`dart create`](/tools/dart-create) command
and the `package` template:

```terminal
$ dart create -t package <PACKAGE_NAME>
```

````

I also included some other suggestions/adjustments:

- Switch the command to a standalone codelab as they can be long and look confusing within a block of text
- Use arrow brackets as directory/package_name is a required argument (compared to optional which would use square brackets)
- Some grammar adjustments
